(What made you want to work at ROMY?)
Ah.
(Tanouchi Aohiko)
I got into this industry
because of skincare products.
Because I've had sensitive
skin since I was little.
(Harada Misa)
It's probably because I
like cosmetics and makeup.
And I also admired the work of a BA.
Because I like Romy.
(Aizawa Hitomi)
Me too.
I also thought, if I work here, would
there be employee discounts or something?
(Takano Marika)
I started researching makeup
when I was looking for a job.
(Sasaki Shiho)
And I fell head over heels for it.
Why do I want to be a makeup artist?
(Nanjo Atsushi)
Because I think I'm good at it.
Speaking of which,
people in this industry...
Almost all of them joined
because they love it, right?
Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to stay.
That's true.
Hmm...
Indeed, most people
enter this field because they love it.
Hoshina-kun is quite a rare case.
Liking your own job...
What does that feel like?
Even if you weren't
interested in makeup at first,
as long as there's an opportunity,
you'll surely come to
love this job eventually.
Alright.
"Cosmetic Playlover" Season 2
(Episode 4)
Well then,
let's all smile today
and do our best!
Let's do our best.
Hoshina-kun.
Can you stay a bit
longer for training today?
Yes, I can.
Excuse me, can someone practice with him?
I can.
Really?
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
Then, Hoshina-kun,
could you be my assistant today?
Yes.
I'll be counting on you.
Also,
regarding the question you asked yesterday,
about the feeling of 'liking this job',
I thought about it myself.
I think
I truly came to love this job
after gaining the trust of customers.
- Trust?
- Yes.
So, Hoshina-kun, I hope you can
experience that feeling for yourself.
I believe you'll surely find
the value of this work through it.
Okay, I'll do my best.
Then let's confirm
today's schedule.
Okay.
Hoshina-kun's training policy,
though not fully decided yet,
for now, anyway...
Let's focus on practicing
makeup trials first.
Besides makeup removal, it
seems they also want makeup trials...
Sorry to ask you to
stay for extra practice.
Then let's start the makeup trial practice.
Okay.
Please take care of me.
- I'll put the makeup cape on you first.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
Then I'll remove your makeup.
Huh?
Excuse me.
What's going on?
His movements are very smooth.
Done.
Um...
Hoshina-kun, your
movements are very precise.
Completely different from when
you served a customer last time.
- Really?
- Yes.
I don't see any problems.
Was it just a bad day on your first day?
No, um...
I'm more relaxed when
I'm with people I know.
Then it's my turn next.
Okay.
Then... I'll put the makeup cape on you.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
Then... I'll remove your makeup.
The mirror...
What's wrong with him?
Hmm... yeah...
- Hoshina-kun, wait a moment.
- Yes...
You just did a total 180.
What's wrong?
I'm sorry.
Um... I'm too nervous.
Is it because of me?
No, it's not like that.
Um... Aizawa-san is very cool and aloof.
And has a strong aura...
So I don't have an aura?
That's not what I meant, um...
I'm sorry, uh...
You've changed too much.
He's already learned the basic techniques.
- I'm sorry.
- This is truly a psychological issue.
What about me makes you nervous?
Aizawa-san, don't you realize it yourself?
- What do you mean?
- I'm sorry, that's not what I meant...
He can only overcome
nervousness by gaining experience.
And that's precisely what Hoshina-kun lacks...
- Because both of you have an aura.
- Calm and cute.
- Thank you...
I see.
That's quite tricky then.
Yeah, I originally
wanted to solve it myself.
I just wanted to organize my thoughts,
and before I knew it...
I don't mind at all.
However,
Natsume-san, that rookie
isn't clinging to you, is he?
Of course not.
That's good.
Anyway, his performance is so unstable.
We can't easily let
him work at the counter.
I think I can kind of understand why he's
always been assigned to back-office work.
After all, if you only consider
sales and turnover rate,
his efficiency is too low.
I think Hoshina-kun lacks
successful experiences.
If he gains more practical experience
and converts it into confidence...
Speaking of which, Natsume-san,
aren't you meddling a bit too much?
Huh?
When I was a rookie,
I also found that annoying.
Huh?
Why are you always like that?
Do you hate this job?
No, I don't hate it.
I just don't have any particular
strong feelings about it.
A typical rookie would be
intimidated and shrink back.
Not to mention if he's already troubled.
It's because it's me
that I dare to complain to Natsume-san.
Just because it's me...
That sounds a bit irritating.
Not everyone can keep up with
your enthusiasm, Natsume-san.
You probably said something like,
'You can tell me anything.'
You put pressure on him, didn't you?
How did you know...?
You look like you love your
job so much, shining brightly.
And your aura is strong.
Plus, you're very responsible
and tend to overthink things.
I think instead of teaching him
step-by-step from beginning to end,
it might be better to let
him think for himself, right?
Meddling too much can
actually be counterproductive.
Hmm.
Natsume-san, this salad
you made is delicious.
That's good.
Hey! I finally came to you for advice.
Sorry, I just love to meddle.
What are you laughing at...?
However,
You might be right.
I might really be too meddlesome.
I need to change that.
This habit of mine.
Thank you for listening to me.
I really like it.
Your meddlesome side, Natsume-san.
You're so annoying.
Customer service that
earns trust from customers.
And so on.
Anyone can talk the talk.
I want Hoshina-kun
to experience that
feeling of being trusted.
But,
that's the most difficult challenge.
Are you thinking about something?
Yes.
A little.
Until Natsume-san falls asleep,
I'll stay with you like this.
Oh dear.
I talked too much by accident, I'm sorry.
Because I had so much fun talking.
That's wonderful.
Please come again.
We look forward to your visit.
You've been a great help.
I'll come again.
Thank you for your patronage.
With support, it's no problem.
Is it because I'm here...?
- Oh, the phone.
- I'll get it.
Could you tidy up the counter?
Okay.
Thank you for calling.
This is Romy Felique,
Shinonome Yurakucho branch.
This is Mamiya...
Ah, Tanouchi-san.
Good work.
- Ah, yes.
- Welcome.
Welcome.
Yes, no, no, it's fine.
Okay.
- Um...
- Yes.
- I'd like to try this.
- Okay...
I'll be right there after I finish this
call. Please take care of it until then.
Yes, no, no.
I apologize for the wait.
- You'd like to try this eyeshadow?
- Yes.
Okay, I'll take you there.
This way, please.
Yes, I think so too.
Right, so let's just watch quietly here.
- I'll remove your eye makeup first.
- Please do.
Okay.
Excuse me.
I don't have much time.
Could you please hurry?
Ah... I'm sorry.
I'm truly sorry.
Tanouchi-san, I'm sorry.
I'm serving a customer right now.
I'll call you back later.
Excuse me.
I am truly very sorry.
I'm in a hurry, can someone else help me?
Okay, I understand.
I'll take care of your eyes first.
And what about the eyeshadow?
Let's talk about it next time.
Okay, I understand.
I am truly very sorry about today.
Thank you for your patronage.
Mamiya-san.
I'm truly sorry.
You rarely entrust a customer to me...
I should be the one apologizing.
That was my fault just now.
No, that's not true.
I messed up because I rushed.
Maybe I'm just not cut out to be a BA.
Huh?
Ah, I'll go get the
refill for the pre-serum.
I'm truly very sorry.
That's not it.
I didn't want him to
say something like that.
I originally wanted
Hoshina-kun to build confidence,
but instead, I discouraged him.
What should I do...?
Huh?
Sahashi-kun, you're not in charge
of tomorrow's makeup event, are you?
They suddenly needed an extra person,
so I volunteered.
Sahashi-kun, you really work hard.
You don't have to push yourself so hard.
It's okay to slow down a bit, isn't it?
No.
I can't take it slow.
Then I'll leave the store to you tomorrow.
You don't have to tell me that.
Thinking I had to solve it quickly,
I might have been too impatient.
I should have...
thought more about a method
that suits Hoshina-kun better.
I'll discuss it with Toma
when he gets back.
You're back.
I'm back.
Huh?
Are you going on a business trip?
The Umeda store has a makeup
event with a makeup artist.
I'm going to support them.
I'm taking the first train tomorrow,
so I'll leave early.
Then go take a bath
quickly and get some sleep.
Let's take a bath together then.
I already took one.
Oh, what a shame.
Then I'll go wash myself.
Toma...
He seems really tired.
It seems Hoshina-kun's matter...
I'll still have to solve it
with my own strength.
Loser mentality?
Yes.
I'm already used to being a loser.
During my student days...
I played basketball all the time,
but I was always a substitute player.
What I want to do...
and what I can do are two different things.
That's what I realized.
So...
I was very troubled when looking for a job.
I also wanted to...
achieve something at least once.
But...
if I went for a job that
everyone was scrambling for,
would I just get lost in the crowd again?
That's when I learned about Sahashi-san.
I thought, maybe...
if I immerse myself in such an environment,
I could change myself.
It turns out I was too naive.
This job can't be done
with half-hearted motivation.
When things weren't going
well at the Ikebukuro store,
I also thought about giving up.
But if I give up here...
I feel like I'd truly lose.
Although I'm not very
good at expressing myself.
I see.
Hoshina-kun became a BA
to overcome himself, didn't he?
Hoshina-kun, you...
have very keen observation skills.
Huh?
You immediately notice
what needs to be restocked,
you quickly remember inventory locations,
and you're diligent in cleaning.
You keep the entire counter very clean.
That's because...
I've always only been able
to do those kinds of things.
Being able to notice areas where 'if
no one does it, there will be a problem'
I think that's Hoshina-kun's talent.
If you add the ability
to gain customer trust,
you'll surely become an even better BA.
So, Hoshina-kun...
how about trusting the person you
were when you chose to become a BA,
and trying a little harder, okay?
Tsukimura-san, thank
you very much for today.
No, no, I'm happy to be asked by you.
Then, Hoshina-kun will serve you next.
He's the BA who wants to practice, right?
Mamiya-san already told me.
Yes, I am Hoshina.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
- Then I'll put the makeup cape on you.
- Okay.
What I can do...
is to prepare an opportunity
for him to gain experience.
The rest...
is just to trust Hoshina-kun
and the customer,
and watch over them.
Excuse me.
Is it okay?
That's your regular customer, isn't it?
Are you really okay entrusting her to him?
If anything goes wrong,
I'll take full responsibility.
Thank you very much for
taking the time to come today.
Not at all.
I'll be cheering for you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your patronage.
Then I'll go check the inventory.
- Okay.
- Mm.
How was it?
After actually serving a customer,
I still get nervous, but...
Mamiya-san's customers are all very kind.
Speaking of which...
Mamiya-san is really amazing.
Every customer was willing to practice
with me because Mamiya-san asked them.
So this is what 'being trusted' feels like.
Indeed...
Mamiya, who always puts customers first,
has gone this far for you.
You should cherish this
opportunity you've gained.
Yes.
Welcome.
Ah... um...
- Excuse me.
- Yes.
I saw online that...
Yes.
I'd like to try this kind of makeup...
Okay.
However...
This is my first time
coming to a place like this.
It's natural to be nervous
when coming to a place like this.
If you don't mind,
would you like to try
a few different styles?
May I?
Of course, please come this way.
Okay.
- Please place your belongings here.
- Thank you.
- Please sit down.
- Okay.
- May I confirm the photo again?
- Yes.
Excuse me.
Here you go.
So I can also look like this...
It suits you very well, Ms. Okada.
Thank you.
Hoshina-san... right?
Yes.
When I make my next appointment,
can I request you to serve me?
Yes, of course.
That's great.
I'll definitely come again.
Thank you.
Hoshina-kun, you worked very hard today.
Yes, thank you.
Thanks to Mamiya-san,
I had my first customer.
That means you've
gained the customer's trust.
That's wonderful.
Yes.
Um...
I still, after all,
want to become a BA like Mamiya-san.
Thank you.
There's an event
tomorrow, it'll be even busier.
Hoshina-kun will also be part of the team.
Yes.
Let's do our best together.
I'll do my best.
That's great.
Indeed, the solid feeling of
being trusted by a customer
gives more confidence than anything else.
(Sahashi Toma: I've
arrived at Tokyo Station.)
Hoshina-kun, sorry.
- I have to go now.
- Okay.
Good work.
You really worked hard.
You worked hard.
I don't know why, but I
really want to see Toma.
When something good happens,
the first person I want to see is...
Toma.
Did something good happen?
Yeah, today Hoshina-kun, he...
Ah, wait a minute.
Huh?
I guess... I still don't
really want to hear about it.
Things about other guys, and so on.
Do you want to hear it or not?
Ah.
So, what happened?
I'm so tired, and Hoshina-kun, he...
That's why I said, wait a minute.
(Next Episode) After all, I was the one who
brought up Sahashi-kun to Emma.
I feel like I have a responsibility.
We just put the choices in front of him.
He's the one who truly made the decision.
I heard Risako specifically
asked for Natsume-san.
Huh?
Is something wrong?
This is definitely not a manager's job.